.TH dcd-client 1 "Feb 13 2017" "" https://github.com/dlang-community/DCD
.SH NAME
dcd-client \- autocompletion client for the D programming language
.PD
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY dcd-client
.OP "\-c, \-\-cursorPos" cursorPosition
.OP "\-p, \-\-port" portNumber
.OP \-\-tcp
.OP \-\-socketFile filePath
.OP "\-I" directory
.OP "\-h, \-\-help"
.OP "\-l, \-\-symbolLocation"
.OP "\-s, \-\-search" symbolName
.OP "\-d, \-\-doc"
.OP "\-q, \-\-query, \-\-status"
.OP "\-\-shutdown"
.OP "\-\-clearCache"
.OP "\-\-version"
.RI [ filename ]
.YS
.PD
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBdcd-client\fP is a client for \fBdcd-server\fP and is typically used by text
editor scripts.
.PD
.SH OPTIONS
.B \-c, \-\-cursorPos
.I cursorPosition
.RS
Provides auto-completion at the given cursor position. The cursor
position is measured in bytes from the beginning of the source code.
.RE
.B -p, \-\-port
.I portNumber
.RS
Choose the port number on which
.B dcd-client
listens. This switch implies \-\-tcp.
.RE
.B \-\-tcp
.RS
Listen on a TCP socket instead of a UNIX domain socket. This is the default on
Windows.
.RE
.B \-\-socketFile
.I filePath
.RS
Set the path to use for the UNIX domain socket. Has no effect if the \-\-tcp
or \-\-port switches are used.
.RE
.B \-I
.I directory
.RS
Informs
.B dcd-server
to cache any D source files found in
.I directory
so that they will be included in responses to future
.B dcd-client
requests.
.RE
.B -h, \-\-help
.RS
Prints a help message
.RE
.B -l, \-\-symbolLocation
.RS
Get the file name and position that the symbol at the cursor location was defined.
.RE
.B -s, \-\-search
.I symbolName
.RS
List locations at which symbols with the given
.I symbolName
can be found.
.RE
.B \-d, \-\-doc
.RS
Gets documentation comments associated with the symbol at the cursor location.
.RE
.B \-q, \-\-query, \-\-status
.RS
Query the server statis. Returns 0 if the server is running. Returns 1 if the
server could not be contacted.
.RE
.B \-\-shutdown
.RS
Instructs the server to shut down
.RE
.B \-\-clearCache
.RS
Instructs the server to clear its cache of auto-completion information.
.RE
.I filename
.RS
Provides auto-completion information for the file with the given name.
.RE
.PD
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Brian Schott (@Hackerpilot on Github)
.PD
.SH BUGS
Please use the issue tracker located at
.UR https://github.com/dlang-community/DCD/issues
.UE
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBdcd-server\fP(1)
