.TH dcd-server 1 "Mar 3 2016" "" https://github.com/Hackerpilot/DCD
.SH NAME
dcd-server \- autocompletion server for the D programming language
.PD
.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY dcd-server
.OP \-I directory
.OP \-p|\-\-port portNumber
.OP \-\-tcp
.OP \-\-socketFile filePath
.OP \-\-logLevel level
.OP \-h|\-\-help
.OP \-\-version
.YS
.PD
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBdcd-server\fP caches information about D source files that were found
.PD
.SH OPTIONS
.B -p, \-\-port
.I portNumber
.RS
Choose the port number on which
.B dcd-server
listens. This switch implies \-\-tcp.
.RE
.B \-\-tcp
.RS
Listen on a TCP socket instead of a UNIX domain socket. This is the default on
Windows.
.RE
.B \-\-socketFile
.I filePath
.RS
Set the path to use for the UNIX domain socket. Has no effect if the \-\-tcp
or \-\-port switches are used.
.RE
.B \-\-logLevel
.I level
.RS
Configure the logging level for dcd-server. Valid values are
.I all
.I trace
.I info
.I warning
.I error
.I critical
.I fatal
.I off
.RE
.B \-I
.I directory
.RS
Includes
.I directory
in the list of directories to scan for source files. This option can be specified multiple times.
.RE
.B -h, \-\-help
.RS
Prints a help message.
.RE
.B \-\-version
.RS
Prints the current version number and exits.
.RE
.PD
.SH FILES
.B dcd-server
can be configured through the use of a file called
.I dcd.conf
This file should be placed in one of the following locations:
.IP \(bu
.I /etc/dcd.conf
.RE
.IP \(bu
.I ${XDG_CONFIG_HOME}/dcd/dcd.conf
.RE
.IP \(bu
.I ${HOME}/.config/dcd/dcd.conf
.RE

Each line in the file should be a path to search for D source files. A line in
.I dcd.conf
is equivalent to passing that same line to
.B dcd-server
with the
.I -I
option. Lines that start with the '#' character are ignored.

Unless the \-\-tcp switch is used,
.B dcd-server
will default to communicating with the client over a UNIX domain socket.
.B dcd-server
will attempt to create the socket in the following locations:
.IP \(bu
.I ${XDG_RUNTIME_DIR}/dcd.socket
.RE
.IP \(bu
.I /tmp/dcd-${UID}.socket
.RE
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Brian Schott (@Hackerpilot on Github)
.PD
.SH BUGS
Please use the issue tracker located at
.UR https://github.com/Hackerpilot/DCD/issues
.UE
.SH SEE ALSO
\fBdcd-client\fP(1)
